Podila Megha Sravani  
Indiramma Colony -2, Miryalguda , Nalgonda.  
7569928170  |  meghasravani21@gmail.com  
Objective
 
Passionate about merging creativity with technology, I aim to bring fresh ideas to a forward -looking 
company. Seeking a challenging position in a reputed organisation where I can learn new skills, 
expand my knowledge and leverage my learnings.  
 
Work Experience
 
Internshala                                                                                                        April 2023 -June 2023  
●  I have successfully completed a 6 -week online training on Programming with Python at 
where I covered the concepts like introduction to Python, using variables in Python, Basics of 
Programming in Python, Principles of OOP.  
EY-GDS (Edunet Foundation)                                                                  February 2024 -April 202 4 
● I have taken a 6 -week training on Data Analytics with Cloud Computing under the Next Gen 
Employability Program .  
TECHNO -SERVE (TNS India Foundation)                                                   April 2024 -June 2024  
● During this 3 months training I have gained knowledge on concepts of JAVA such as 
Packages, Interfaces, Arrays ,OOPs Principles ,Exception Handling, Collection Frameworks, 
Generics along with real time application .  
 
Education
 
● Teegala Krishna Reddy Engineering College                                                          2021 -2025  
Bachelor of Technology (B.tech)   
Computer Science and Engineering  
CGPA -9.01 
● Aurora Junior College                                                                                              2019 -2021  
Intermediate  
MPC  
Percentage -97.2%  
● Chaitanya High School                                                                                            2018 -2019  
SSC 
Percentage -100%  
Skills
                                                         
● Languages: C | C++ | JAVA | PYTHON  
● Frontend: HTML | CSS  
● CS Fundamentals: Data Structures | Object Oriented Programming | Database Management 
System | Operating system  Projects
Fake Profile identification in Social Network using Machine Learning and NLP  
● Detecting the fake profiles in social networks .  
● Algorithms used are Support Vector Machine and Naive Bayes.  
● Programming language used are Html, CSS, javascript and Python  
Women’s Safety Gadget  
● The aim of this project is to detect the location of women in emergency circumstances.  
● Components used are GSM Model ,GPS to track the location ,Arduino Board ,Switch.  
● Insertion of sim in GSM , and the final gadget resembles a switch which is portable .  
Java project using Spring Boot  
● Tools used are Spring Initializr, MySQL WorkBench, POSTMAN ,Eclipse.  
● Converted Java Class as table in MySQL and performed CRUD operations.  
● Updated the table via POSTMAN Tool.  
 
Hackathons 
 
● IBM Z Datathon represented Women’s Safety Gadget as a team (Innovators).  
● Shooting Stars Foundation.  
● Smart India Hackathon.  
Academic Accomplishments 
 
● Leadership in a Chaitanya Royal Club where I lead the role of President.  
● Achieved Topper Award in class -10 by scoring 100%.  
● Accomplished District Level Prize being an orator.  
Languages
 
●  English  
●  Telugu  
 Key Skills
 
● Excellent Public Speaking Skills.  
● Good writing skills.  
Personal Traits
 
● Self-confident.   
● Self-motivator.  
● Timely and easily adaptable.  
●  Continuous and Quick learner.  
● Good team working skills  
 
 
 
  